Full-Stack developer

Responsibilities:

As a Fullstack Software Developer, you will be responsible
for working on creating User Interface with React and Typescript
on the Front-end and Node on the back-end. You will be working
in a fast-paced startup environment where continuous innovation
and learning opportunities are endless. You will get an opportunity
to master TypeScript, JavaScript, modern ReactJS, NodeJS, 
Redux, HTML5, CSS3, etc. Your responsibilities will also include:

Design, develop and test enterprise-grade web applications following best practices.
Craft beautiful User Interface based on our design.
Collaborate with peers on a remote environment.
Drive innovation through rapid prototyping and iterative development.
Identify and document best practices.

Requirements:

Proficient in client-side TypeScript or JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, ReactJS, Redux, React Hooks, Context API, etc.
Competent in developing NodeJS applications and single-page web applications.
Proficient in Data Structures and Algorithms.
Experience in cross-browser, cross-platform and API development on the web.
Experience in writing automated unit-tests and functional tests.
Have a passion for writing quality, readable, clean, and performant code.
Good communications skills.
5+ years of software design and web application development.
Computer Science background preferred.



Alekh's Resume:
ProfileEnthusiastic software engineer with 1+ year experience in software development. Research oriented and more interested towards the logic and design architecture of applications and solution. Previous experience with a real time, daily operational application.ExperienceOct-2019–PresentSoftware Engineer • LIS Nepal Pvt. Ltd. (Yomari Inc. Pvt. Ltd.)Full stack developer of Trade Management System under Nepal Stock Exchange Project built on JAVA EE, Angular 7 and SQL Server.Achievements:• Integration and maintenance of Online Payment gateways.• Development of Online Registration System.EducationBachelors in Computer Engineering, Tribhuwan University, Kathmandu [2015-2019]• Machine Learning Project to classify nepali news into pre-defined categories.• Topper of the batch.Skills• Java, Spring, Spring boot, J2EE, Python, MS SQL, PostgreSQL.• JavaScript, Angular.• Practical knowledge of SQL, database concepts and design.• Familiar with technologies like RabbitMQ, Git, Maven, Jenkins.• Experienced with project tracking tools like Redmine.• Heavy concentration in data structures, algorithms and software architecture.• Adaptability and excellent communication skills.GatthagharBhaktapur, Bagmati Province, Nepal+977-9842842344alekh737@gmail.comwww.linkedin.com/in/alekh-pandey